docs: Mention conda-forge's adaptation of `libsolv` (#624)
conda/conda-libmamba-solver: docs/user-guide/libmamba-vs-classic.md

* `libsolv`:

>   `libmamba` relies on this C project directly to handle the solving steps. Note that [the version of `libsolv` which is used and distributed by `conda-forge`](libsolv-feedstock) comes with a set of patches, including [one to handle the conda packages' variants' prioretization (which is not present in the upstream `libsolv`)](libsolv-feedstock-conda_variant_priorization.patch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `libmamba` relies on this C project directly to handle the solving steps. Note that [the version of `libsolv` which is used and distributed by `conda-forge`][libsolv-feedstock] comes with a set of patches, including [one to handle the conda packages' variants' prioretization (which is not present in the upstream `libsolv`)][libsolv-feedstock-conda_variant_priorization.patch].
```

> 

Author: I do not know how Anaconda handles this.

Can you suggest a note?

* `libsolv`:

>   `libmamba` relies on this C project directly to handle the solving steps. Note that Anaconda's and conda-forge's distibutions of `libsolv` comes with a set of patches, including one to handle the conda packages' variants' prioretization (which is not present in the upstream `libsolv`). Those patches can be found in the `recipe` folder of  [`AnacondaRecipes/libsolv-feedstock`][AnacondaRecipes-libsolv-feedstock] and [`conda-forge/libsolv-feedstock`][conda-forge-libsolv-feedstock]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `libmamba` relies on this C project directly to handle the solving steps. Note that Anaconda's and conda-forge's distributions of `libsolv` come with a set of patches, including one to handle the conda packages' variants' prioritization (which is not present in the upstream `libsolv`). Those patches can be found in the `recipe` folder of  [`AnacondaRecipes/libsolv-feedstock`][AnacondaRecipes-libsolv-feedstock] and [`conda-forge/libsolv-feedstock`][conda-forge-libsolv-feedstock],
```
